Add app description (#208)
Kentico/kontent-sample-app-react: README.md

You can find the Delivery and other SDKs at <https://github.com/Kentico>.

## About

> This section describes the application.

Reviewer: We should either summarize the content of the section in this part, or remove this sentence - it is ambignous

### Used toolchain

This application is based on the [Create React App](https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html) using the following template `--template typescript`.

### Model mapping and data fetching

There are two types of model mapping in this application:

#### content type -> DTO -> component

> For generating component models from content types, we have used [Kontent.ai model generator](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-model-generator-js) tool. All generated models can be found in `src/Models` folder. The `_project.ts` exports `projectModel` which contains information about the project structure such as project languages as well as other information such as codenames about content types. Generated models are used to obtain correctly typed objects via client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content type definitions are being generated from content types via [Kontent.ai model generator](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-model-generator-js) tool. All generated types can be found in `src/Models` folder. The `_project.ts` contains information about the project structure such as project languages as well as other structure information such as codenames about content types.
```

We might want to adjust the naming - it is not a model anymore - it is a type... soryy I might have point that out sooner.

#### content type -> DTO -> view model -> component

> Some models displayed in views might require a small adjustment from content types. For example, `Cafe` content type contains fields for `city` and `street` and we would like to have model containing an address in the format `city, street`. You can find an example for such a view model in `CafeModel.tsx` that can be found in the `src/ViewModels` folder. To convert `Cafe` into `CafeModel` you can use function located in `src/Utilities/CafeListing.ts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some models displayed in views might require an adjustment from content types. For example, the `Cafe` content type contains fields for `city` and `street` and we would like to have a model containing an address in the format `city, street`. You can find an example for such a view model in `CafeModel.tsx` that can be found in the `src/ViewModels` folder. To convert `Cafe` into `CafeModel` you can use the function located in `src/Utilities/CafeListing.ts`

```

#### Data fetching

> This solution fetches data using the [Delivery client](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-delivery-sdk-js). For more implementation detail to setup client see `src/Client.ts`. The data are fetched and stored in a `container` component and they are then passed to `presentation` component. For better understanding see the code example below. However, depending on your needs, you can use other technologies for managing application state such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This solution fetches data using the [Delivery client](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-delivery-sdk-js). For more implementation detail to set up the client see `src/Client.ts`. The data are fetched and stored in a `container` component directly in its state. Then they are passed to the `presentation` component. For a better understanding see the code example below. However, depending on your needs, you can use other technologies for managing application states such as:
```

> - Context

Reviewer: We might want to add links to these :)

- Redux
- Flux
- ...

> ```typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tsx
```

const Component: React.FC = () => {
    const [data, setData] = useState([] : DTOComponentProps);

    useEffect(() => {
      const query = Client.items<GeneratedDTO>()
          .type(projectModel.contentTypes.generatedDTO.codename)
          ...

      const items : GeneratedDTO[] = query.ToPromise()
          .then(data => data.items()
          .then(items => setData(items));
    }, []);

    return (
        {data.map(item => <DisplayItem dto={item}/>)}
    );
    ...
}
```

> ### Filtering in product catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Filter by taxonomy
```

Filters in Kontent.ai are implemented using taxonomies. Filtering examples can be found in `src/Components/BrewerStoreContainer.tsx` or `src/Components/CoffeeStoreContainer.tsx`. Firstly, the taxonomies groups that contain possible values for filters are loaded in `useEffect` blocks. We store selected values for filtering in `filter` variable. Items to be displayed are then selected with functional `filter` function checking whether the item matches the filter.

> ```tsx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tsx
```

I might also use proper naming: `processing` and `productStatuses` - filterVariable1 and filerVafiable2 is hard to read

      }, []);

      const matches = (coffee: Coffee): boolean =>
          matchesTaxonomy(coffee, filter.processings, 'filterVariable1') &&
          matchesTaxonomy(coffee, filter.productStatuses, 'filterVariable2');
      // To see how matchesTaxonomy can work see src/Utilities/CheckboxFilter

      const toggleFilter = (filterName: string, filterValue: string): void => {
          setFilter((filter) => ({
            ...filter,
            [filterName]: filter[filterName].includes(filterValue)
            ? filter[filterName].filter((x: string) => x !== filterValue)
            : [...filter[filterName], filterValue],
            }));
      };.

      return (
          <div>
              ...
              <CheckboxFilter
              ...
              onChange: (event) => toggleFilter('filterVariable1', event.target.id),
              />
           ...
              <ItemListing
               items={ items[language].filter((item: ItemDTO) =>matches(coffee)) }
               />
           ...
           </div>
      );
}
```

### Localization

In Kontent each language is identified by codename, in case of this project it is `en-US` and `es-ES`.

#### Resoure strings

> Not every text of the application must be stored in Kontent.ai. Some strings, such as button texts, navigation texts and so on, can be stored locally. For those texts we use [React-intl](https://formatjs.io/docs/getting-started/installation/). For every language we have created JSON file in `src/Localization` folder. As we use `React-intl` it can not parse nested JSON objects and therefore the format of files is `key:value`. To load all files from `src/Localization` folder we have prepared a script, see `src/utilities/LocalizationLoader.ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not every text of the application must be stored in Kontent.ai. Some strings, such as button texts, navigation texts, and so on, can be stored directly in the application. For those texts we use [React-intl](https://formatjs.io/docs/getting-started/installation/). For every language, there is a JSON file in `src/Localization` folder. 

> `React-intl` can not parse nested JSON objects and therefore the format of files is `key:value`. To load all files from `src/Localization` folder there is a `src/utilities/LocalizationLoader.ts` script.
```

```json
// en-US.json
{
  "LatestArticles.title": "Latest articles",
  "LatestArticles.noTitleValue": "(Article has no title)",
  "LatestArticles.noTeaserValue": "(Article has no teaser image)",
  "LatestArticles.noSummaryValue": "No summary filled"
  // ...
}
```

> #### Prefixes and Localizable Url slugs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Language prefixes
```

The language prefix is obtained from URL in the `LocalizedApp.tsx` and then it is propagated via IntlProvider to the whole application. Content language is then adjusted by modifying `Client` with `languageParameter()` method to obtain items in specific language. By default it uses [language fallbacks](https://kontent.ai/learn/tutorials/manage-kontent/projects/set-up-languages/#a-language-fallbacks) set up in the project.

```typescript
const Component: React.FC = () => {
  const { locale: language } = useIntl();

  useEffect(() => {
    const query = Client.items<ItemDTO>()
      .type(projectModel.contentTypes.itemDTO.codename);

    if (language) {
      query.languageParameter(language);
    }
    ...
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Localizable URL slugs
```

> You might want to request items based on the url slugs. For more information how it works in Kontent see this [link](https://kontent.ai/learn/tutorials/develop-apps/get-content/localized-content-items/#a-get-items-by-localized-url-slug). We have provided an example in this application for `src/Pages/About.tsx' page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might want to request items based on the URL slugs. For more information check out [Kontent.ai/learn tutorial](https://kontent.ai/learn/tutorials/develop-apps/get-content/localized-content-items/#a-get-items-by-localized-url-slug). We have provided an example in this application for `src/Pages/About.tsx` page.

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> The showcase is not ideal, because it is using a combination of the language prefix and localizable solution is not ideal. You should try to stick with one of the approaches. Because it is hard to define the behavior for language setting clash i.e. `/<EN-PREFIX>/articles/<ES-URL-SLUG>`.
```

### content type -> DTO -> view model -> component

Some models displayed in views might require an adjustment from content types. For example, the `Cafe` content type contains fields for `city` and `street` and we would like to have a model containing an address in the format `city, street`. An example of such a view model is in `CafeModel.tsx` that can be found in the `src/ViewModels` folder. To convert `Cafe` into `CafeModel` the function located in `src/Utilities/CafeListing.ts` can be used.

### Data fetching

This solution fetches data using the [Delivery client](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-delivery-sdk-js). For more implementation detail to set up the client see `src/Client.ts`. The data are fetched and stored in a `container` component directly in its state. Then they are passed to the `presentation` component. For a better understanding see the code example below. However, depending on your needs, you can use other technologies for managing application states such as:

- [Context](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html)
- [Redux](https://react-redux.js.org/)
- [Flux](https://facebook.github.io/flux/)
- ...

```tsx
const Component: React.FC = () => {

>     const [data, setData] = useState([] : DTOComponentProps);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const [data, setData] = useState<GeneratedDTO[]>([]);

```

    useEffect(() => {
      const query = Client.items<GeneratedDTO>()
          .type(projectModel.contentTypes.generatedDTO.codename)
          ...

>       const items : GeneratedDTO[] = query.ToPromise()

Reviewer: There should not be an assignment - `setState` does not return anything: https://reactjs.org/docs/react-component.html#setstate

>           .then(data => data.items()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          .then(data => data.items)
```

Reviewer: We might want to merge the two the function, but I will keep the decision on you

      }, []);

      const matches = (coffee: Coffee): boolean =>
          matchesTaxonomy(coffee, filter.processings, 'processings') &&
          matchesTaxonomy(coffee, filter.productStatuses, 'productStatuses');
      // To see how matchesTaxonomy can work see src/Utilities/CheckboxFilter

      const toggleFilter = (filterName: string, filterValue: string): void => {
          setFilter((filter) => ({
            ...filter,
            [filterName]: filter[filterName].includes(filterValue)
            ? filter[filterName].filter((x: string) => x !== filterValue)
            : [...filter[filterName], filterValue],
            }));
      };.

      return (
          <div>
              ...
              <CheckboxFilter
              ...
              onChange: (event) => toggleFilter('processings', event.target.id),
              />
           ...
              <ItemListing
               items={ items[language].filter((item: ItemDTO) =>matches(coffee)) }
               />
           ...
           </div>
      );
}
```

## Localization

In Kontent each language is identified by codename, in case of this project, it is `en-US` and `es-ES`.

> ### Resoure strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Resource strings

```

This application is based on the [Create React App](https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html) using the following template `--template typescript`.

### Model mapping
There are two types of model mapping in this application:
- content types -> component
- component -> view model

For generating component models from content types, we have used [Kontent.ai model generator](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-model-generator-js) tool. All generated models can be found in in [src/Models](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-sample-app-react/tree/master/src/Models) folder. The `_project.ts` exports `projectModel` which contains information about the project structure such as project languages as well as information such as codenames about content types. Those generated models are used to obtain correctly typed objects via client in [src/Pages](https://github.com/Kentico/kontent-sample-app-react/tree/master/src/Pages). To obtain your data provide a generated DTO type into generic brackets for `items` method and content types codename from `projectModel` as a parameter of `type` method. See following example:

```{typescript}
const query = Client.items<generatedDTO>()

>       .type(projectModel.contentTypes.generatedDTO.codename)...

Author: Decided to go with GeneratedDTO as all generated models starts with uppercase

```

> 

Author: I think there might be a little misunderstanding. I do not think that we use stateless components in pages. Pages fetch data by themselves. Only example which I could find to use components pattern are `BrewerStoreContainer` with `BrewerStoreListing` and `CoffeStoreContainer` with `CoffeStoreListing`

Are those what you have in mind? Because comment below you have code sample of page which fetch data by itself.
